Controls:
Q : Switch to previous NPC
E : Switch to next NPC
N : Create a new NPC
M : Remove current NPC

Information:
The screen is split into three main windows, the top part of the screen shows the Game Time window where
the runtime is shown converted into days, months and years. The left side of the application houses the
information pane, this is where the current active NPC information is displayed. This includes its current
goal, its progress through that goal as well as other information such as inventory, name and current city.
Lastly, the majority of the window is dedicated to the map, this shows the randomly generated game world
with the colours and sizes of the different shapes indicating whether they are a dungeon or dangerous area or
a city.

Cities grow and change over time and this can be reflected on the map when they change between a Small City to
a Normal or Large one. On the other hand, dungeon colours indicate how threatening that dungeon is which in turn
changes the threat value it exterts and the radius of the area this value is influencing.

Trading NPCs have various behaviours, their main goal is the acquisition of wealth and as such they have a minimum
profit margin they will always attempt to achieve. If a trade that achieves this profit margin can not be found
then they enter a state where they will keep checking trades until one is found. If a trade is found then they will
proceed to queue the necessary subgoals to complete the trade, this includes buying the necessary resources if they
are not already in their inventory and moving to the city to either buy or sell those resources.

Due to the nature of the application, it features an extensive economy simulation. This does not take into account
random events that may happen in real world situations but it does a good job at modeling the economy and trading that
can potentially happen between multiple cities and how threats on the road between these cities can impact how favourably
traders may see these routes. 

Note:
You may change any of the application settings by going into the bits/config/defaults.lua file. Almost all values are
exposed there and there are hardcoded fallbacks incase any of them end up missing or having completely wrong values assigned.